---
layout: page
title: Syllabus
description:
    Course policies and information.
---

# Syllabus
{:.no_toc}


---

## Technology

### Piazza

We will use Piazza as the 'one-stop shop' throughout the semester: for a Q&A
forum and for official announcements. Enrollment in Piazza is mandatory. If you
have questions about anything related to the course, please post them on Piazza
rather than emailing the instructor or TAs. Please do not post anything
resembling a solution to a homework problem before it's due. If in doubt, you
should make your post private (visible to instructors only). We always welcome
any feedback on what we could be doing better. To join the class on Piazza,
follow [this link](https://piazza.com/berkeley/spring2022/cs182).

### Gradescope

All homework will be submitted through Gradescope, and all grades will be
returned through Gradescope. To join the class on Gradescope, go to
[gradescope.com](http://gradescope.com/) and enter this code: ZRX773.

### bCourses

Lecture videos will be available from the bCourses site. We will not use
bCourses for any other content.


## Exams

CS 182 students will have two midterms, and CS 282A students will have one
midterm and one final project. The first midterm, for all students, is
Wednesday, March 2 from 7-9 p.m in Pimentel 1. The second midterm, for 182
students only, will be scheduled for the last week of instruction, with more
details forthcoming. No alternate exams will be offered. Please make a private
Piazza post if you have an extreme hardship related to these policies.


## Materials

All materials can be found on Piazza.

### Discussions

Discussion worksheets are released the day before the first discussions of the
week. The discussion sections will give you additional practice solving
problems. You may attend whichever, as many, and as few discussion sections you
like.Discussion worksheets are released the day before the first discussions of
the week. The discussion sections may cover new material and will give you
additional practice solving problems. You may attend whichever, as many, and as
few discussion sections you like.

### Homeworks

There are 4 homeworks for this class, which are released roughly 3 weeks at a
time. Grades will be released on Gradescope. Doing the homeworks and reading the
solutions is vital for your learning. You are expected to show your work and
justify all of your answers. You are given a total of 5 slip days for use only
on homeworks. These slip days are intended for emergency use, and as such we
employ a strict late policy. There is no additional slack beyond slip days
available.


## Academic Integrity

### Cheating

Ethical behavior is an important part of being an engineer. It is a part of our
responsibility to act ethically and honestly, and moreover, ethical behavior is
what helps you learn best. Cheating is fundamentally dishonest and antisocial
behavior. We have a zero-tolerance policy for cheating. Any unconfessed offense
will result in negative points for the category that the offense occurs in, with
no bound on how negative it can go, and a referral to the Center for Student
Conduct.

You are not permitted to upload any of our problems, solutions, or your own
solutions to our problems to any site that is accessible by other people. Use
Piazza to discuss content. The only limited exceptions to this are online
communication mediums between you and the collaborating individuals explicitly
listed on your homework assignment. Looking at online solutions from previous
semesters or other students is forbidden, as is sharing of your solutions with
others. Furthermore, students all have an affirmative duty to report possible
cases of cheating or unauthorized communication to the course staff,
immediately. Acknowledgement of and failure to report cheating implicates the
bystander since this is academic misconduct. Cheating hurts us all and
engineering ethics requires us to point out wrongdoing when we are aware of it.

### Collaboration

You are encouraged to work on homework problems in study groups of two to four
people; however, **you must always produce the solutions on your own**.
Similarly, you may use books or online resources to help solve homework
problems, but **you must always credit all such sources in your writeup and you
must never copy material verbatim**. You must explicitly acknowledge everyone
whom you have worked with or who has given you any significant ideas about the
homework.


## Grading

182 students will be graded with the following weights: 60% from homework
grades, 20% from the first midterm, and 20% from the second midterm.

282A students will be graded with the following weights: 60% from homework
grades, 15% from the first midterm, and 25% from the final project.
